Web App
=======

This is my attempt at a web app that students can use to assess their chances of getting into Uni. It's made with the MEAN stack - **M**ongoDB, **E**xpress.js, **A**ngular.js and **N**ode.js. This is the first time I've ever done a full-stack web app and I was very time limited!

## Files
This directory structure was auto-generated by express.js. In addition to the MEAN stack I used:

- A couple of bits of Bootstrap
- [This](https://github.com/d-oliveros/ngSmoothScroll) smooth scrolling script
- [This](https://github.com/JustGoscha/allmighty-autocomplete) autocomplete script
- The mortarboard is open source, from the Ionicons package.
- Google web fonts

The files which are relevant are:

- `public/views/index.ejs` is the webpage that you see.
- `public/javascripts/angularApp.js` is the client-side logic
- `public/stylesheets/myStyle.css` is, as the name suggests, my stylesheet
- `app.js` is the Node.js code, but the majority of it was generated by express. It should be clear which bits I added.
- `routes/index.js` is further Node.js code - this contains most of the server-side logic.

That pretty much covers what I wrote. The data that's in the Mongo database is in `../appdata` but it's not very interesting. You'll notice I disobeyed instructions and used another dataset too.

# Postmortem

I really didn't realise how little time I had in the past week, and to be honest I think I spent too long on the "data science" work. I've never done a full-stack web app before, let alone used MEAN, so I'm actually quite pleased with how this went.

Obviously the app is quite buggy and the design could do with some work. It's always those tweaks that take longest. I'd like to extend the idea of suggesting similar unis, too.

Some other things that might be good to add:

- Some more data! I'd like to do home area deprivation stuff.
- Something a bit nicer than percentages. Some kind of "loading bar"-like things would be nice.
- Would it be possible to know what unis people from a school have gone to?
- The similar unis part is an idea I'm quite pleased with (if a buggy idea!) - would be nice to extend the comparison beyond the percentages. Also, I feel a bit bad about using the league table to indicate desirability, as I think league tables are pretty arbitrary and don't help many people out.
